acherusia palus
palus acherusia
achilleos dromos
dromos achilleos
achillis insula
insula achillis
acra leuce
leuce acra
acronius lacus
lacus acronius
adramyenttus sinus
sinus adramyenttus
adriaticum mare
mare adriaticum
adula mons
mons adula
aegaeum mare
mare aegaeum
aelaniticus sinus
sinus aelaniticus
aelia capitolina
capitolina aelia
aganippe fons
fons aganippe
agri decumates
decumates agri
agrippinensis colonia
colonia agrippinensis
alabastrites mons
mons alabastrites
alata castra
castra alata
alba docilia
docilia alba
alba fucensis
fucensis alba
alba helvorum
helvorum alba
alba julia
julia alba
alba longa
longa alba
alba pompeia
pompeia alba
albaniae portae
portae albaniae
albanus lacus
lacus albanus
albanus mons
mons albanus
albium ingaunum
ingaunum albium
albium intemelium
intemelium albium
album promontorium
promontorium album
alburnus mons
mons alburnus
alcyonium mare
mare alcyonium
alesius mons
mons alesius
alexandri arae
arae alexandri
alsietinus lacus
lacus alsietinus
amanides pylae
pylae amanides
amari lacus
lacus amari
ambiatinus vicus
vicus ambiatinus
ambracius sinus
sinus ambracius
anao portus
portus anao
anarei montes
montes anarei
ancorarius mons
mons ancorarius
ancyron polis
polis ancyron
angitiae lucus
lucus angitiae
annibi montes
montes annibi
antonini vallum
vallum antonini
apenninus mons
mons apenninus
aphrodisius mons
mons aphrodisius
aphrodites portus
portus aphrodites
aphthites nomos
nomos aphthites
apollinis promontorium
promontorium apollinis
apollonos hieron
hieron apollonos
aprilis lacus
lacus aprilis
apta julia
julia apta
aqua ferentina
ferentina aqua
aqua viva
viva aqua
aquae albulae
albulae aquae
aquae apollinares
apollinares aquae
aquae aure
aure aquae
aquae bilbitanorum
bilbitanorum aquae
aquae bormonis
bormonis aquae
aquae caesaris
caesaris aquae
aquae caeretanae
caeretanae aquae
aquae calidae
calidae aquae
aquae convenarum
convenarum aquae
aquae cutiliae
cutiliae aquae
aquae dacicae
dacicae aquae
aquae gratianae
gratianae aquae
aquae hispanicae
hispanicae aquae
aquae labanae
labanae aquae
aquae lesitanae
lesitanae aquae
aquae mattiacae
mattiacae aquae
aquae neapolitanae
neapolitanae aquae
aquae neri
neri aquae
aquae nisineii
nisineii aquae
aquae passeris
passeris aquae
aquae patavinae
patavinae aquae
aquae populoniae
populoniae aquae
aquae regiae
regiae aquae
aquae segestanae
segestanae aquae
aquae segeste
segeste aquae
aquae segete
segete aquae
aquae selinuntiae
selinuntiae aquae
aquae sextiae
sextiae aquae
aquae siccae
siccae aquae
aquae sinuessanae
sinuessanae aquae
aquae solis
solis aquae
aquae statiellae
statiellae aquae
aquae tacapitanae
tacapitanae aquae
aquae tarbellicae
tarbellicae aquae
aquae tauri
tauri aquae
aquae tibilitanae
tibilitanae aquae
aquae volaterranae
volaterranae aquae
aquensis vicus
vicus aquensis
ara lugdunensis
lugdunensis ara
ara ubiorum
ubiorum ara
arabia felix
felix arabia
arabicus sinus
sinus arabicus
arachoti fons
fons arachoti
arae hesperi
hesperi arae
arae philaenortum
philaenortum arae
arae sestianae
sestianae arae
arbiti montes
montes arbiti
arenae montes
montes arenae
argaricus sinus
sinus argaricus
argentarius mons
mons argentarius
argentea regio
regio argentea
argolicus sinus
sinus argolicus
argos amphilochicum
amphilochicum argos
argos hippium
hippium argos
argos oresticum
oresticum argos
argos pelasgicum
pelasgicum argos
argous portus
portus argous
aria civitas
civitas aria
aria insula
insula aria
aria lacus
lacus aria
aritium praetorium
praetorium aritium
armeniae pylae
pylae armeniae
armozon prom
prom armozon
aromata promontorium
promontorium aromata
arsia silva
silva arsia
artabrorum portus
portus artabrorum
artabrorum sinus
sinus artabrorum
artabrum prom
prom artabrum
arusini campi
campi arusini
asa paulini
paulini asa
ascania lacus
lacus ascania
asinaeus sinus
sinus asinaeus
aspa luca
luca aspa
asphaltites lacus
lacus asphaltites
asturica augusta
augusta asturica
atabyris mons
mons atabyris
athamantius campus
campus athamantius
atlanticum mare
mare atlanticum
atta vicus
vicus atta
aualites sinus
sinus aualites
augusta auscorum
auscorum augusta
augusta emerita
emerita augusta
augusta firma
firma augusta
augusta gemella
gemella augusta
augusta julia
julia augusta
augusta praetoria
praetoria augusta
augusta rauracorum
rauracorum augusta
augusta suessonum
suessonum augusta
augusta taurinorum
taurinorum augusta
augusta trevirorum
trevirorum augusta
augusta tricastinorum
tricastinorum augusta
augusta trinobantum
trinobantum augusta
augusta vagiennorum
vagiennorum augusta
augusta veromanduorum
veromanduorum augusta
augusta vindelicorum
vindelicorum augusta
aulaei tichos
tichos aulaei
aurasius mons
mons aurasius
aurea chersonesus
chersonesus aurea
aurelianorum urbs
urbs aurelianorum
avernus lacus
lacus avernus
baduhennae lucus
lucus baduhennae
baecolicus mons
mons baecolicus
baetii montes
montes baetii
bagistanus mons
mons bagistanus
bagous mons
mons bagous
bandusiae fons
fons bandusiae
barca bactrianae
bactrianae barca
basanites mons
mons basanites
batava castra
castra batava
batavorum insula
insula batavorum
bathys portus
portus bathys
bebii montes
montes bebii
begorritis lacus
lacus begorritis
benacus lacus
lacus benacus
bermius mons
mons bermius
beudos vetus
vetus beudos
bituriges cubi
cubi bituriges
bituriges vivisci
vivisci bituriges
blatum bulgium
bulgium blatum
bocanum hemerum
hemerum bocanum
boebeis lacus
lacus boebeis
boreum prom
prom boreum
bosporus cimmerius
cimmerius bosporus
bosporus thracius
thracius bosporus
bracara augusta
augusta bracara
brigantinus lacus
lacus brigantinus
britannicae insulae
insulae britannicae
briva isarae
isarae briva
brivates portus
portus brivates
bucolorum urbs
urbs bucolorum
bulla regia
regia bulla
buticus lacus
lacus buticus
cabubathra mons
mons cabubathra
cabura bactrianae
bactrianae cabura
caecilia castra
castra caecilia
caecubus ager
ager caecubus
caepionis turris
turris caepionis
caesareia philippi
philippi caesareia
caesia silva
silva caesia
calafiius mons
mons calafiius
calentes aquae
aquae calentes
callicula mons
mons callicula
calligicum prom
prom calligicum
callirrhoe fons
fons callirrhoe
calydnae insulae
insulae calydnae
cambalidus mons
mons cambalidus
cambunii montes
montes cambunii
campi laborini
laborini campi
campi phlegraei
phlegraei campi
campi raudii
raudii campi
campi veteres
veteres campi
campus diomedis
diomedis campus
campus foenicularius
foenicularius campus
campus juncarius
juncarius campus
campus spartarius
spartarius campus
campus stellatis
stellatis campus
cancanorum prom
prom cancanorum
candidum promontorium
promontorium candidum
canini campi
campi canini
canis flumen
flumen canis
cantaber oceanus
oceanus cantaber
cantiihaus portus
portus cantiihaus
canthi sinus
sinus canthi
cappadox river
river cappadox
capria lake
lake capria
caput bovis
bovis caput
caput vada
vada caput
carmelus mons
mons carmelus
caron portus
portus caron
carpates mons
mons carpates
carpathium mare
mare carpathium
carrea potentia
potentia carrea
carrha flumen
flumen carrha
carthago nova
nova carthago
carthago vetus
vetus carthago
carus vicus
vicus carus
casia regio
regio casia
casii montes
montes casii
casius mons
mons casius
caspeiria ins
ins caspeiria
caspiae portae
portae caspiae
caspiae pylae
pylae caspiae
caspii montes
montes caspii
caspium mare
mare caspium
castalia fons
fons castalia
castellum amerinum
amerinum castellum
castellum caracenorum
caracenorum castellum
castellum firmanum
firmanum castellum
castellum menapiorum
menapiorum castellum
castellum valentiniani
valentiniani castellum
castoli campus
campus castoli
castra cornelia
cornelia castra
castra exploratorum
exploratorum castra
castra hannibalis
hannibalis castra
castra herculis
herculis castra
castra nova
nova castra
castra postumiana
postumiana castra
castra pyrrhi
pyrrhi castra
castra trajana
trajana castra
castra vetera
vetera castra
castrum album
album castrum
castrum inui
inui castrum
castrum minervae
minervae castrum
castrum novum
novum castrum
castrum truentinum
truentinum castrum
castrum vergium
vergium castrum
castulonensis saltus
saltus castulonensis
caucasiae portae
portae caucasiae
caucasus indicus
indicus caucasus
caystri campus
campus caystri
cebenna mons
mons cebenna
celaenus tumulus
tumulus celaenus
celticum promontorium
promontorium celticum
cephissis lacus
lacus cephissis
cepi milesiorum
milesiorum cepi
ceramon agora
agora ceramon
ceraunii montes
montes ceraunii
cetius mons
mons cetius
chaldaici lacus
lacus chaldaici
chaldone promontorium
promontorium chaldone
charax mediae
mediae charax
charax spasinu
spasinu charax
chelidoniae insulae
insulae chelidoniae
chelonides lacus
lacus chelonides
chersonesus cimbrica
cimbrica chersonesus
chersonesus heracleotica
heracleotica chersonesus
chersonesus magna
magna chersonesus
chersonesus taurica
taurica chersonesus
chersonesus thracica
thracica chersonesus
chersonesi promontorium
promontorium chersonesi
cholon teichos
teichos cholon
chryse regio
regio chryse
cianus sinus
sinus cianus
ciliciae pylae
pylae ciliciae
cillanius campus
campus cillanius
cimbrorum promontorium
promontorium cimbrorum
claudius mons
mons claudius
clepsydra fons
fons clepsydra
climax mons
mons climax
cnacalus mons
mons cnacalus
codanus sinus
sinus codanus
colchi indiae
indiae colchi
colchicus sinus
sinus colchicus
collops magnus
magnus collops
colonia agrippina
agrippina colonia
colonia equestris noiodunum
noiodunum colonia equestris
colonia trajana
trajana colonia
colonus agoraeus
agoraeus colonus
colonus hippius
hippius colonus
combusta insula
insula combusta
concordia julia
julia concordia
constantia cypri
cypri constantia
constantia phoeniciae
phoeniciae constantia
contra aginnum
aginnum contra
copais lacus
lacus copais
coracius mons
mons coracius
coraxici montes
montes coraxici
corbulonis munimentum
munimentum corbulonis
corcyra nigra
nigra corcyra
corinthiacus isthmus
isthmus corinthiacus
corinthiacus sinus
sinus corinthiacus
corodamum prom
prom corodamum
coronus mons
mons coronus
cotes prom
prom cotes
cottiae alpes
alpes cottiae
cremonis jugum
jugum cremonis
creticum mare
mare creticum
crissaeus sinus
sinus crissaeus
cronius mons
mons cronius
cruptoricis villa
villa cruptoricis
cryptus portus
portus cryptus
ctenus portus
portus ctenus
cunarus mons
mons cunarus
cuniculariae insulae
insulae cuniculariae
cyaneae insulae
insulae cyaneae
cylipenus sinus
sinus cylipenus
cyneticum littus
littus cyneticum
cynia lacus
lacus cynia
cyparissius sinus
sinus cyparissius
cyri campus
campus cyri
cyri castra
castra cyri
daemonum insulae
insulae daemonum
damassi montes
montes damassi
dea vocontiorum
vocontiorum dea
decem pagi
pagi decem
deucaledonicus oceanus
oceanus deucaledonicus
diana veteranorum
veteranorum diana
didyma teiche
teiche didyma
didyme insula
insula didyme
didymon teichos
teichos didymon
diodori insula
insula diodori
diomedeae insulae
insulae diomedeae
dionysopolis indiae
indiae dionysopolis
dionysopolis moesiae
moesiae dionysopolis
dioscoridis insula
insula dioscoridis
dios hieron
hieron dios
diospolis magna
magna diospolis
diospolis parva
parva diospolis
doeanteius campus
campus doeanteius
dora flumen
flumen dora
dorgamenes flumen
flumen dorgamenes
dotius campus
campus dotius
draco mons
mons draco
dromos achillis
achillis dromos
durvus mons
mons durvus
ebal mons
mons ebal
elaphites ins
ins elaphites
emodi montes
montes emodi
emporicus sinus
sinus emporicus
epicnemidii locri
locri epicnemidii
epictetus phrygia
phrygia epictetus
epidaurus limera
limera epidaurus
epomeus mons
mons epomeus
equus tuticus
tuticus equus
erytheia insula
insula erytheia
erythraeum mare
mare erythraeum
esdraelon vallis
vallis esdraelon
eupilis lacus
lacus eupilis
euxinus pontus
pontus euxinus
ezion geber
geber ezion
falernus ager
ager falernus
fanum fortunae
fortunae fanum
fanum fugitivi
fugitivi fanum
fanum martis
martis fanum
fanum minervae
minervae fanum
fanum vacunae
vacunae fanum
fanum veneris
veneris fanum
fanum voltumnae
voltumnae fanum
fecyi jugum
jugum fecyi
ferentinae lucus
lucus ferentinae
ferraria prom
prom ferraria
finis bithyniae
bithyniae finis
fiscellus mons
mons fiscellus
flanaticus sinus
sinus flanaticus
flavia caesariensis
caesariensis flavia
flavium solvense
solvense flavium
flevo lacus
lacus flevo
flumen bibalorum
bibalorum flumen
flumen oblivionis
oblivionis flumen
flumen salsum
salsum flumen
fons tungrorum
tungrorum fons
fontes amari
amari fontes
fortunatae insulae
insulae fortunatae
forum allieni
allieni forum
forum appii
appii forum
forum aurelii
aurelii forum
forum bibalorum
bibalorum forum
forum cassii
cassii forum
forum cigurrorum
cigurrorum forum
forum claudii
claudii forum
forum claudii vallensium octodurensium
octodurensium forum claudii vallensium
forum clodii
clodii forum
forum cornelii
cornelii forum
forum decii
decii forum
forum diuguntorum
diuguntorum forum
forum domitii
domitii forum
forum flaminii
flaminii forum
forum fulvii
fulvii forum
forum gallorum
gallorum forum
forum hadriani
hadriani forum
forum julii
julii forum
forum julium
julium forum
forum lepidi
lepidi forum
forum licinii
licinii forum
forum ligneum
ligneum forum
forum limicorum
limicorum forum
forum livii
livii forum
forum neronis
neronis forum
forum novum
novum forum
forum narbasorum
narbasorum forum
forum popilii
popilii forum
forum segusianorum
segusianorum forum
forum sempronii
sempronii forum
forum tiberii
tiberii forum
forum trajani
trajani forum
forum truentinorum
truentinorum forum
forum vibii
vibii forum
forum voconii
voconii forum
forum vulcani
vulcani forum
fossa corbulonis
corbulonis fossa
fossa drusiana
drusiana fossa
fossa mariana
mariana fossa
fretum gaditanum
gaditanum fretum
fretum gallicum
gallicum fretum
frigidus fluvius
fluvius frigidus
fucinus lacus
lacus fucinus
furcae caudinae
caudinae furcae
gaditanus oceanus
oceanus gaditanus
gagana gaganae
gaganae gagana
gallia cisalpina
cisalpina gallia
gallia transalpina
transalpina gallia
gallica flavia
flavia gallica
gallicus sinus
sinus gallicus
gallinaria insula
insula gallinaria
gallinaria silva
silva gallinaria
gangeticus sinus
sinus gangeticus
garaphi montes
montes garaphi
garbata mons
mons garbata
gargaphia fons
fons gargaphia
gargarius locus
locus gargarius
gaura mons
mons gaura
gaurus mons
mons gaurus
germania inferior
inferior germania
germania superior
superior germania
germanicum mare
mare germanicum
gerontis arx
arx gerontis
gerrehaicus sinus
sinus gerrehaicus
gigonis prom
prom gigonis
gilboa mons
mons gilboa
glessaria insula
insula glessaria
glycys limen
limen glycys
golgotha mons
mons golgotha
graecia magna
magna graecia
grampius mons
mons grampius
gratiarum collis
collis gratiarum
gurgures montes
montes gurgures
gygaeus lacus
lacus gygaeus
hadriaticum mare
mare hadriaticum
halae araphenides
araphenides halae
halae axonides
axonides halae
harmozon prom
prom harmozon
hecatompylos africae
africae hecatompylos
heliopolis aegypti
aegypti heliopolis
heliopolis syriae
syriae heliopolis
hephaestiae insulae
insulae hephaestiae
heracleia lyncestis
lyncestis heracleia
heracleia sintica
sintica heracleia
heracleia trachinia
trachinia heracleia
heracleia perinthus
perinthus heracleia
heracleia parthiae
parthiae heracleia
heracleopolis magna
magna heracleopolis
heracleopolis parva
parva heracleopolis
heraei montes
montes heraei
herculeum fretum
fretum herculeum
herculis arenae
arenae herculis
herculis columnae
columnae herculis
herculis insula
insula herculis
herculis liburni portus
portus herculis liburni
herculis monoeci portus
portus herculis monoeci
herculis portus
portus herculis
herculis promontorium
promontorium herculis
herculis silva
silva herculis
herculis templum
templum herculis
hercynia silva
silva hercynia
hermaeum prom
prom hermaeum
herminius mons
mons herminius
hermionicus sinus
sinus hermionicus
hermonactis vicus
vicus hermonactis
hermopolis magna
magna hermopolis
hermopolis parva
parva hermopolis
heroopolites sinus
sinus heroopolites
hesperidum horti
horti hesperidum
hesperidum lacus
lacus hesperidum
hesperium promontorium
promontorium hesperium
hiera sycaminus
sycaminus hiera
hieron acron
acron hieron
hippi prom
prom hippi
hippici montes
montes hippici
hippocrene fons
fons hippocrene
hippo diarrhytus
diarrhytus hippo
hippo regius
regius hippo
hipponensis sinus
sinus hipponensis
hipponiates sinus
sinus hipponiates
hipponitis palus
palus hipponitis
hispanum mare
mare hispanum
horrea coelia
coelia horrea
horreum margi
margi horreum
hylica lacus
lacus hylica
hypatus mons
mons hypatus
hyperborei montes
montes hyperborei
hyperboreus oceanus
oceanus hyperboreus
hyrcanium mare
mare hyrcanium
iapygium promontorium
promontorium iapygium
iberia indiae
indiae iberia
ibericum mare
mare ibericum
icarium mare
mare icarium
iccius portus
portus iccius
ichthyophagorum sinus
sinus ichthyophagorum
idistavisus campus
campus idistavisus
ilipula mons
mons ilipula
imeus mons
mons imeus
immundus sinus
sinus immundus
imus pyrenaeus
pyrenaeus imus
indicus oceanus
oceanus indicus
inferum mare
mare inferum
insani montes
montes insani
internum mare
mare internum
ion mons
mons ion
ionium mare
mare ionium
jovis mons
mons jovis
jovis pagus
pagus jovis
jovis promontorium
promontorium jovis
iria flavia
flavia iria
irinus sinus
sinus irinus
isiacorum portus
portus isiacorum
isidis oppidum
oppidum isidis
isius mons
mons isius
issicus sinus
sinus issicus
istrianorum portus
portus istrianorum
ithacesiae insulae
insulae ithacesiae
itium promontorium
promontorium itium
itius portus
portus itius
julia constantia
constantia julia
julia fidentia
fidentia julia
julia joza
joza julia
julia libyca
libyca julia
julia myrtilis
myrtilis julia
julia romula
romula julia
julia transducta
transducta julia
julia victrix
victrix julia
juliopolis aegypti
aegypti juliopolis
julium carnicum
carnicum julium
junonia insula
insula junonia
justiniana prima
prima justiniana
labeatis lacus
lacus labeatis
labronis portus
portus labronis
laconicus sinus
sinus laconicus
lactarius mons
mons lactarius
lacus felicis
felicis lacus
lamiacus sinus
sinus lamiacus
lancia oppidana
oppidana lancia
lancienses ocelenses
ocelenses lancienses
laodiceia combusta
combusta laodiceia
lapidei campi
campi lapidei
lar fluvius
fluvius lar
larius lacus
lacus larius
latmicus sinus
sinus latmicus
laturus sinus
sinus laturus
lauretanus portus
portus lauretanus
laus pompeia
pompeia laus
lausonius lacus
lacus lausonius
leanites sinus
sinus leanites
legio vii
vii legio
lelamnonius sinus
sinus lelamnonius
lelantus campus
campus lelantus
lemanis portus
portus lemanis
leo fluvius
fluvius leo
lepinus mons
mons lepinus
leptis magna
magna leptis
lesora mons
mons lesora
levae fanum
fanum levae
leucatas prom
prom leucatas
leuce acte
acte leuce
leuci montes
montes leuci
leucothees fanum
fanum leucothees
libanus mons
mons libanus
liburnus mons
mons liburnus
liby palus
palus liby
libyci montes
montes libyci
libycum mare
mare libycum
libycus nomos
nomos libycus
ligures baebiani et corneliani
corneliani ligures baebiani et
ligusticum mare
mare ligusticum
limites romani
romani limites
litana silva
silva litana
longum promontorium
promontorium longum
lucinae oppidum
oppidum lucinae
lucretilis mons
mons lucretilis
lucrinus lacus
lacus lucrinus
lucus augusti
augusti lucus
lucus feroniae
feroniae lucus
lucus hecates
hecates lucus
lucus maricae
maricae lucus
lugdunum batavorum
batavorum lugdunum
lugeus lacus
lacus lugeus
lunae montes
montes lunae
lunae portus
portus lunae
lunae promontorium
promontorium lunae
lunarium promontorium
promontorium lunarium
lutetia parisiorum
parisiorum lutetia
lycabettus mons
mons lycabettus
macra come
come macra
macron teichos
teichos macron
maenariae insulae
insulae maenariae
maeotis palus
palus maeotis
maesia silva
silva maesia
magnum promontorium
promontorium magnum
magnum prom
prom magnum
magnus portus
portus magnus
magnus sinus
sinus magnus
magorum sinus
sinus magorum
malaei colon
colon malaei
maliacus sinus
sinus maliacus
malichi insulae
insulae malichi
mampsarus mons
mons mampsarus
manarmanis portus
portus manarmanis
mandrus mons
mons mandrus
manius sinus
sinus manius
manlianus saltus
saltus manlianus
mantiana lacus
lacus mantiana
marciana silva
silva marciana
marcius mons
mons marcius
marianus mons
mons marianus
marithi montes
montes marithi
maritima insula
insula maritima
maritimae stationes
stationes maritimae
massalioticum ostium
ostium massalioticum
massicus mons
mons massicus
materense oppidum
oppidum materense
matieni montes
montes matieni
matinus mons
mons matinus
mediae murus
murus mediae
mediterraneum mare
mare mediterraneum
megiddo vallis
vallis megiddo
melantii scopuli
scopuli melantii
melas sinus
sinus melas
menelai portus
portus menelai
menesthei portus
portus menesthei
mercutrii prom
prom mercutrii
mesanites sinus
sinus mesanites
mesche mons
mons mesche
messeniacus sinus
sinus messeniacus
metagonites prom
prom metagonites
metapinum ostium
ostium metapinum
metina insula
insula metina
miletopolitis lacus
lacus miletopolitis
minas sabbattha
sabbattha minas
minervae promontorium
promontorium minervae
mithridatis regio
regio mithridatis
moeris lacus
lacus moeris
monoeci portus
portus monoeci
mons aureus
aureus mons
mons balbus
balbus mons
mons brisiacus
brisiacus mons
mons mariorum
mariorum mons
mons sacer
sacer mons
mons seleucus
seleucus mons
mortuum mare
mare mortuum
moscha portus
portus moscha
moschici montes
montes moschici
munimentum trajani
trajani munimentum
murus caesaris
caesaris murus
myrtoum mare
mare myrtoum
napetinus sinus
sinus napetinus
narbo martius
martius narbo
neae patrae
patrae neae
nebrodes mons
mons nebrodes
nemorensis lacus
lacus nemorensis
nemus dianae
dianae nemus
neoptolemi turris
turris neoptolemi
neptunius mons
mons neptunius
nervicanus tractus
tractus nervicanus
nessonis lacus
lacus nessonis
niconis dromus
dromus niconis
nigritis lacus
lacus nigritis
nili paludes
paludes nili
nisaei campi
campi nisaei
nivaria ins
ins nivaria
norba caesariana
caesariana norba
nova augusta
augusta nova
novantarum promontorium
promontorium novantarum
novem craris
craris novem
novem pagi
pagi novem
novum comum
comum novum
nuba lacus
lacus nuba
numidia nova
nova numidia
numidicus sinus
sinus numidicus
oceanus septentrionalis
septentrionalis oceanus
ochus mons
mons ochus
ocra mons
mons ocra
oenotrides insulae
insulae oenotrides
oeum cerameicum
cerameicum oeum
oeum deceleicum
deceleicum oeum
olbianus sinus
sinus olbianus
oleastrum prom
prom oleastrum
olynta ins
ins olynta
ombrios ins
ins ombrios
onoba aestuaria
aestuaria onoba
ophiusa ins
ins ophiusa
oppidum novum
novum oppidum
opuntius sinus
sinus opuntius
oretum germanorum
germanorum oretum
ornithon polis
polis ornithon
ossigi laconicum
laconicum ossigi
oxia palus
palus oxia
oxii montes
montes oxii
paestanus sinus
sinus paestanus
pagasaeus sinus
sinus pagasaeus
palicorum lacus
lacus palicorum
palindromus promontorium
promontorium palindromus
pallas lacus
lacus pallas
palorum portus
portus palorum
pambotis lacus
lacus pambotis
pamphylium mare
mare pamphylium
panachaicus mons
mons panachaicus
pandovi regio
regio pandovi
panti sinus
sinus panti
pappua mons
mons pappua
paragon sinus
sinus paragon
parnassus mons
mons parnassus
parsici montes
montes parsici
partheni parthini
parthini partheni
parthenium mare
mare parthenium
patrocli insula
insula patrocli
pausilypus mons
mons pausilypus
pax julia
julia pax
pegaseum stagnum
stagnum pegaseum
peirene fons
fons peirene
pelodes portus
portus pelodes
penninae alpes
alpes penninae
pentelicus mons
mons pentelicus
peos artemidos
artemidos peos
perimulicus sinus
sinus perimulicus
persicus sinus
sinus persicus
petras major
major petras
petras minor
minor petras
petronii vicus
vicus petronii
philippi prom
prom philippi
phoenicius mons
mons phoenicius
phoenicus portus
portus phoenicus
phrygia pisidica
pisidica phrygia
phthenotes nomos
nomos phthenotes
pictonium promontorium
promontorium pictonium
pintuaria ins
ins pintuaria
pisanus portus
portus pisanus
pithecusae insulae
insulae pithecusae
planaria ins
ins planaria
platea ins
ins platea
plinthineticus sinus
sinus plinthineticus
plotae insulae
insulae plotae
poeninae alpes
alpes poeninae
pompeii praesidium
praesidium pompeii
pomponianis portus
portus pomponianis
pomptinae paludes
paludes pomptinae
pons aeni
aeni pons
pons aerarius
aerarius pons
pons aluti
aluti pons
pons aufidi
aufidi pons
pons augusti
augusti pons
pons aureoli
aureoli pons
pons campanus
campanus pons
pons dubis
dubis pons
pons mansuetina
mansuetina pons
pons milvius
milvius pons
pons mosae
mosae pons
pons nartiae
nartiae pons
pons nerviae
nerviae pons
pons nomentanus
nomentanus pons
pons salarius
salarius pons
pons saravi
saravi pons
pons scaldis
scaldis pons
pons servilii
servilii pons
pons tiluri
tiluri pons
pons ucasi
ucasi pons
pons zitha
zitha pons
pontes tessenii
tessenii pontes
po ntia
ntia po
porphyrites mons
mons porphyrites
porta augusta
augusta porta
portus abucini
abucini portus
portus achaeorum
achaeorum portus
portus aemines
aemines portus
portus aepatiaci
aepatiaci portus
portus agasus
agasus portus
portus alburnus
alburnus portus
portus augusti
augusti portus
portus cosanus
cosanus portus
portus delphini
delphini portus
portus ericis
ericis portus
portus garnae
garnae portus
portus hannibalis
hannibalis portus
liburni portus herculis
monoeci portus herculis
portus julius
julius portus
portus mauritii
mauritii portus
portus olivula
olivula portus
portus symbolon
symbolon portus
portus telamonis
telamonis portus
portus trajani
trajani portus
portus veneris
veneris portus
praetorium agrippinae
agrippinae praetorium
praetorium latovicorum
latovicorum praetorium
prasias lacus
lacus prasias
prasodes sinus
sinus prasodes
prasum promontorium
promontorium prasum
prelius lacus
lacus prelius
priapi portus
portus priapi
primis magna
magna primis
prionotus mons
mons prionotus
ptolemais cyrenaicae
cyrenaicae ptolemais
ptolemais phoeniciae
phoeniciae ptolemais
pulchrum prom
prom pulchrum
purpurariae ins
ins purpurariae
puteolanus sinus
sinus puteolanus
pylae syriae
syriae pylae
pyrenaei montes
montes pyrenaei
pyrenaei portus
portus pyrenaei
pyrenes promontorium
promontorium pyrenes
quartensis locus
locus quartensis
quintiana castra
castra quintiana
regillus lacus
lacus regillus
regis villa
villa regis
regium lepidi
lepidi regium
reii apollinares
apollinares reii
rephaim vallis
vallis rephaim
rerigonius sinus
sinus rerigonius
rhapsii aethiopes
aethiopes rhapsii
rhaptum promontorium
promontorium rhaptum
rhaptus fluvius
fluvius rhaptus
rhipaei montes
montes rhipaei
rhizonicus sinus
sinus rhizonicus
rhizophagi aethiopes
aethiopes rhizophagi
rhode fluvius
fluvius rhode
rhodiorum regio
regio rhodiorum
rhymmici montes
montes rhymmici
robogdium prom
prom robogdium
rostrum nemaviae
nemaviae rostrum
rubresus lacus
lacus rubresus
rubrum mare
mare rubrum
sabaricus sinus
sinus sabaricus
sabatia vada
vada sabatia
sabatinus lacus
lacus sabatinus
sacrum prom
prom sacrum
sagute sinus
sinus sagute
salutaris phrygia
phrygia salutaris
samachonitis lacus
lacus samachonitis
sambracitanus sinus
sinus sambracitanus
santonum portus
portus santonum
santonum promontorium
promontorium santonum
sapphar metropolis
metropolis sapphar
sapra palus
palus sapra
sarapionis portus
portus sarapionis
sarapis ins
ins sarapis
sariphi montes
montes sariphi
sarmaticae portae
portae sarmaticae
sarmatici montes
montes sarmatici
sarmaticum mare
mare sarmaticum
saronicus sinus
sinus saronicus
sarpedonium prom
prom sarpedonium
saturae palus
palus saturae
saturni promontorium
promontorium saturni
satyri monumentum
monumentum satyri
satyrorum promontorium
promontorium satyrorum
sauloe parthaynisa
parthaynisa sauloe
saxa rubra
rubra saxa
scapte hyle
hyle scapte
scironia saxa
saxa scironia
scordus mons
mons scordus
scylleticus sinus
sinus scylleticus
sebinus lacus
lacus sebinus
segeda augurina
augurina segeda
semana silva
silva semana
semanthini montes
montes semanthini
semiramidis mons
mons semiramidis
sena insula
insula sena
sepontia paramica
paramica sepontia
septem aquae
aquae septem
septem arae
arae septem
septem fratres
fratres septem
septem maria
maria septem
septem pagi
pagi septem
sepulchrum euripidis
euripidis sepulchrum
serbonis lacus
lacus serbonis
sermylicus sinus
sinus sermylicus
sestiaria prom
prom sestiaria
setantiorum portus
portus setantiorum
setius mons
mons setius
severi murus
murus severi
severus mons
mons severus
shaveh kirjathaim
kirjathaim shaveh
sicca veneria
veneria sicca
siculum mare
mare siculum
silicense flumen
flumen silicense
sinda sarmatica
sarmatica sinda
singiticus sinus
sinus singiticus
sirbonis lacus
lacus sirbonis
smaragdus mons
mons smaragdus
smyrnaeus sinus
sinus smyrnaeus
sogdii montes
montes sogdii
solis insula
insula solis
solis fons
fons solis
solis portus
portus solis
solis promontorium
promontorium solis
solonius ager
ager solonius
solorius mons
mons solorius
speos artemidos
artemidos speos
stabulum diomedis
diomedis stabulum
stabulum novum
novum stabulum
stagna volcarum
volcarum stagna
staliocanus portus
portus staliocanus
stentoris lacus
lacus stentoris
stoborrum prom
prom stoborrum
stratonis insula
insula stratonis
stratonis turris
turris stratonis
strymonicus sinus
sinus strymonicus
sturium insula
insula sturium
sucronensis sinus
sinus sucronensis
sudeti montes
montes sudeti
suesia palus
palus suesia
suessa pometia
pometia suessa
suevicum mare
mare suevicum
summus pyrenaeus
pyrenaeus summus
sunonensis lacus
lacus sunonensis
superum mare
mare superum
surrentinum prom
prom surrentinum
syagros promontorium
promontorium syagros
syebi montes
montes syebi
sylina insula
insula sylina
syriae portae
portae syriae
syrtica regio
regio syrtica
syrtis major
major syrtis
taburnus mons
mons taburnus
talaeus mons
mons talaeus
tamyraces sinus
sinus tamyraces
tapsus fluvius
fluvius tapsus
tapuri montes
montes tapuri
tarentinus sinus
sinus tarentinus
tarraconensis provincia
provincia tarraconensis
tatta lacus
lacus tatta
taunus mons
mons taunus
taurici montes
montes taurici
taurus mons
mons taurus
taurus palus
palus taurus
teari julienses
julienses teari
telephrius mons
mons telephrius
telmissicus sinus
sinus telmissicus
telmissis promontorium
promontorium telmissis
telo martius
martius telo
tenericus campus
campus tenericus
tenesis regio
regio tenesis
tereps fluvius
fluvius tereps
tereses fortunales
fortunales tereses
terinaeus sinus
sinus terinaeus
teriola castra
castra teriola
tetrica mons
mons tetrica
teutobergiensis saltus
saltus teutobergiensis
thebae corsicae
corsicae thebae
thebae phthiotides
phthiotides thebae
theon ochema
ochema theon
theriodes sinus
sinus theriodes
thermaicus sinus
sinus thermaicus
thonitis lacus
lacus thonitis
thrasymenus lacus
lacus thrasymenus
thyreates sinus
sinus thyreates
tiberias mare
mare tiberias
tibigense oppidum
oppidum tibigense
tigava castra
castra tigava
tigurinus pagus
pagus tigurinus
tilphossa fons
fons tilphossa
timacum majus
majus timacum
tiora matiena
matiena tiora
toronaicus sinus
sinus toronaicus
traia capita
capita traia
transcellensis mons
mons transcellensis
trapezus mons
mons trapezus
tremerus ins
ins tremerus
tres arbores
arbores tres
tres tabernae
tabernae tres
tretum prom
prom tretum
trichonis lacus
lacus trichonis
tripolitana regio
regio tripolitana
tritium metallum
metallum tritium
tritium tuboricum
tuboricum tritium
trochoeides lacus
lacus trochoeides
troicus mons
mons troicus
tropaea augusti
augusti tropaea
tropaea drusi
drusi tropaea
tropaea pompeii
pompeii tropaea
trutulensis portus
portus trutulensis
tuati vetus
vetus tuati
tuburbo majus
majus tuburbo
tugiensis saltus
saltus tugiensis
turres albae
albae turres
turris libyssonis
libyssonis turris
turrus fluvius
fluvius turrus
tuscum mare
mare tuscum
tynidrumense opp
opp tynidrumense
tyrrhenum mare
mare tyrrhenum
vada sabbata
sabbata vada
vada volaterrana
volaterrana vada
vadimonis lacus
lacus vadimonis
vallis pennina
pennina vallis
vallum romanum
romanum vallum
vandalici montes
montes vandalici
vasconum saltus
saltus vasconum
velpi montes
montes velpi
venedici montes
montes venedici
venedicus sinus
sinus venedicus
veneris mons
mons veneris
veneris prom
prom veneris
veneticae insulae
insulae veneticae
venetus lacus
lacus venetus
vennicnium prom
prom vennicnium
verbanus lacus
lacus verbanus
verbigenus pagus
pagus verbigenus
vesci faventia
faventia vesci
vesulus mons
mons vesulus
vesuvius mons
mons vesuvius
vexalla aest
aest vexalla
via aemilia
aemilia via
via aemilia scauri
scauri via aemilia
via amerina
amerina via
via appia
appia via
via aquilia
aquilia via
via ardeatina
ardeatina via
via aurelia
aurelia via
via candavia
candavia via
via cassia
cassia via
via ciminia
ciminia via
via clodia
clodia via
via domitiana
domitiana via
via egnatia
egnatia via
via flaminia
flaminia via
via labicana
labicana via
via latina
latina via
via laurentina
laurentina via
via nomentana
nomentana via
via ostiensis
ostiensis via
via popilia
popilia via
via portuensis
portuensis via
via postumia
postumia via
via praenestina
praenestina via
via salaria
salaria via
via sublacensis
sublacensis via
via tiberina
tiberina via
via tiburtina
tiburtina via
via trajana
trajana via
via valeria
valeria via
vibi forum
forum vibi
vibonensis sinus
sinus vibonensis
victoriae mons
mons victoriae
victoriae portus
portus victoriae
vicus alexandri
alexandri vicus
vicus aquarius
aquarius vicus
vicus caecilius
caecilius vicus
vicus cuminarius
cuminarius vicus
vicus dolucensis
dolucensis vicus
vicus helenae
helenae vicus
vicus ictimulorum
ictimulorum vicus
vicus julii
julii vicus
vicus julius
julius vicus
vicus matrini
matrini vicus
vicus novus
novus vicus
vicus spacorum
spacorum vicus
vicus varianus
varianus vicus
villa faustini
faustini villa
vindana portus
portus vindana
vindilis insula
insula vindilis
vindius mons
mons vindius
violvascensis pagus
pagus violvascensis
ulcaei lacus
lacus ulcaei
ulcisia castra
castra ulcisia
uliarus insula
insula uliarus
ulterior portus
portus ulterior
vocanus ager
ager vocanus
vocetius mons
mons vocetius
volsiniensis lacus
lacus volsiniensis
urbana colonia
colonia urbana
urbigenus pagus
pagus urbigenus
urbs salvia
salvia urbs
urbs vetus
vetus urbs
urcitanus sinus
sinus urcitanus
uria lacus
lacus uria
urias sinus
sinus urias
ursi promontorium
promontorium ursi
vulcaniae insulae
insulae vulcaniae
vultur mons
mons vultur
uxantis insula
insula uxantis
xenagorae insulae
insulae xenagorae
xiphonius portus
portus xiphonius
xyline come
come xyline
zagrus mons
mons zagrus
zamae fons
fons zamae
zamense oppidum
oppidum zamense
zao promontorium
promontorium zao
zarax mons
mons zarax
zea portus
portus zea
zenobii insulae
insulae zenobii
zenonis chersonesus
chersonesus zenonis
zephyrium promontorium
promontorium zephyrium
zeugitana regio
regio zeugitana
ziguensis mons
mons ziguensis
zingis promontorium
promontorium zingis
